WARI MANCALA:

1. Players must select nonempty bins on their own sides, other than
   their goals (kalahas).
2. After selecting a bin, the player picks up all of the pieces in
   that bin and puts one piece per bin going around the board
   counterclockwise, skipping Kalahas, as well as the initial bin
   selected (if there are enough pieces to loop around the entire
   board).
3. If the last piece lands in an opponent's bin, and the total number
   of pieces in that bin is now 2 or 3, the current player captures
   those pieces. Additionally, if the next bin (clockwise) is on the
   opponent's side, is not a kalaha, and also has 2 or 3 pieces, these
   are captured as well. Keep repeating this going clockwise until you
   reach a bin that does not have 2 or 3 pieces. When a player makes a
   capture, she gets to take another turn..
4. The game is over if, at the beginning of her turn, a player has no
   more pieces on her side. (see rule #'s 5,6,7)
5. A player cannot make a move that will leave her opponent's side
   empty when that player has another move she can make. This means
   that you cannot capture ALL of your opponent's pieces (if you have
   another move), nor can you leave your opponent's bins empty if
   there is a move that will place some pieces onto your opponent's
   side.
6. When the game is over, if a player still has pieces remaining on
   her side, she gets to capture them. The winner is then the player
   with the most pieces in her kalaha at the end of the game.
7. There are situations where the game will never end. This somewhat
   tricky rule remedies this. There is a limit on the number of moves
   that can take place without a capture. This limit is equal to the
   number of pieces currently in play times the number of bins on each
   side (but not including kalahas) on the table. So, for the default
   settings, this will usually be 2*6=12, 3*6=18, or possibly 4*6=24
   moves. After this number of moves has taken place with no capture,
   the remaining pieces on the table are removed and the winner is
   determined.
